readme.md, before:

###Create SSL Certificates for IIS in a Development Environment###
1.  Create the root certificate 
    1.  Execute from cmd shell `powershell -executionpolicy bypass -command "& .\CreateDevRoot.ps1`
    2.  Select 'None' for password unless the private key requires a password.
    3.  Directory should now contain DevRoot.cer, DevRoot.pfx, and DevRoot.pvk
2.  Create the SSL certificate
    1.  Execute from cmd shell `powershell -executionpolicy bypass -command "& .\CreateSSLCert.ps1 -Name <site name>"` where <site name> is the name of the website, e.g. web.local.
    2.  Enter the password for the private key is specified in step 1.2
    3.  Directory should now contain <site name>.pvk, <site name>.cer, and <site name>.pfx
3.  Using the mmc certificate snap-in import the DevRoot.cer, created in step 1, into the Trusted Root Certification Authorities folder of the certificate store for the local computer.
4.  Using the mmc certificate snap-in import the <site name>.pfx, created in step 2, into the Personal folder of the certificate store for the local computer.
5.  In IIS Manger select the bindings for the desired web site and associate the certificate created in step 2 for use with HTTPS.
6.  Edit c:\windows\system32\drivers\etc\hosts and add new line:  `127.0.0.1 <site name>'
7.  If using IIS 8 or newer specify the host name for the site if multiple websites and certificates are to be used in development environment.

Commit message:

add instructions for self hosting

readme.md, after:

###Create SSL Certificates for a Windows Development Environment###
1.  Create the root certificate 
    1.  Execute from cmd shell `powershell -executionpolicy bypass -command "& .\CreateDevRoot.ps1`
    2.  Select 'None' for password unless the private key requires a password.
    3.  Directory should now contain DevRoot.cer, DevRoot.pfx, and DevRoot.pvk
2.  Create the SSL certificate
    1.  Execute from cmd shell `powershell -executionpolicy bypass -command "& .\CreateSSLCert.ps1 -Name <site name>"` where <site name> is the name of the website, e.g. web.local.
    2.  Enter the password for the private key is specified in step 1.2
    3.  Directory should now contain <site name>.pvk, <site name>.cer, and <site name>.pfx
3.  Using the mmc certificate snap-in import the DevRoot.cer, created in step 1, into the Trusted Root Certification Authorities folder of the certificate store for the local computer.
4.  Using the mmc certificate snap-in import the <site name>.pfx, created in step 2, into the Personal folder of the certificate store for the local computer.
5.  If using IIS: In IIS Manger select the bindings for the desired web site and associate the certificate created in step 2 for use with HTTPS.
6.  Edit c:\windows\system32\drivers\etc\hosts and add new line:  `127.0.0.1 <site name>'
7.  If using IIS 8 or newer specify the host name for the site if multiple websites and certificates are to be used in development environment. 
8.  If using self-hosting use `netsh http add urlacl` and `netsh http add sslcert` to set permissions for listener and certificate to use for SSL.
